[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: First thing we had to
do was create a method inside a service
that uses HTTP to get the widgets.
So, let's do that.
Let's go to the widgets-service.
We'll keep this mock data here for now.
But the first couple things we need to do
is import, I'm gonna start doing this.
That's what I'm gonna start doing.
So we're gonna import from HTTP.
It's going to be the HTTP module,
and that's really all we need, oops.
And then now we just need to inject it,
which means we need to make a constructor
function, so let's do that.
I'm just going to make it private,
because it's not being used anywhere else.
So we have that.
Then I'm just going to make a method
to fetch the widget stat not there yet.
So let's just do that.
So going to call this one fetch.
Widgets,
>> Scott Moss: And
what it's gonna do is it's going to return
an observable that we can subscribe to.
So actually let's get that URL in here
too, so let's just make it private.
>> Scott Moss: URL this key, local host,
3000 widgets.
Let's do that, and
we'll go to agentspeed.get,
to that url, and
then we want to map Which means we need
to bring in our operator
from our operator R-X-ES,
which is rx/,
I forget the path every time.
What was it?
>> Speaker 2: Add.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
add, that's what it was.
Map.
Thank you.
>> Speaker 2: I think it's add operator.
>> Scott Moss: Add operator.
>> Speaker 3: rxjs/add/operator/map.
>> Scott Moss: Thank you.
So we got that,
get the URL, and let's map,
let's get the response,
going with the response.json.
In this case just as JSON because
that's going to be an array.
We could actually catch the error here
too, but we'll skip that for now, so
we'll just return that.
So that's step one.
Any questions on this?
All right, injected the http, made a get
request to the specified resource URL.
And I'm going to map the response to
just get the JSON back from the server,
and that's it.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so step two was to
return that method from the service and
and subscribe to it in the component so
you could display the data
inside the component's template.
So what that means is that we need to
get rid of this static widgets, so
we'll just get rid of that, and
we'll say widgets is just an array.
And then now if we go to
where we were actually using
the widget service, which was
>> Scott Moss: Where
were we using the widget service.
Widgets TS.
Yeah, okay so this is where
we're using the widget service.
But we will just sort it right here and
we'll keep that.
That will work for now but
right here is where we were binding to
the static widgets from the widget
service, we are not gonna do that.
So now what we're gonna do is,
let's just make another method, and
we'll probably call it the same thing,
fetchwidgets, we'll do that.
So now what we're gonna do is
we're gonna come down here to,
actually I'm going to make that private so
we can access it.
And we'll make another-
actually make that method now.
Fetch widgets and
right now all it's going to do is
this.widgetService, fetchWidgets.
And that'll call it, and
we can verify that so
let's just look at what's happening
when everything loads up.
We can go under the network tab.
Is it getting it?
It looks like it's not getting it.
Let's see what we did here.
Fetch widgets, widget-service,
this._http.get(this.url), res.json().
>> Scott Moss: Let's go back here,
_widgetsService,
this.fetchWidgets, fetchWidgets.
So first, we'll just, I actually expect
this to be called right now, but it's not.
Let's see what's going on.
It's definitely
getting in
there.
It doesn't seem to be.
Being called, hm.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Scott Moss: Yeah got to subscribe
to it.
[LAUGH] Look at that.
I fell for my own thing.
So we need to come back in here and
subscribe right here, boom.
So now that we subscribed we get
the data or in this case the widgets.
Now we'll just say this,
>> Scott Moss: dot
widgets equals widgets.
And that's it.
Which will be NT ready because there
aren't any widgets in my, database.
>> Scott Moss: So we got that.
So just to.
Get the thing going,
we can just add some right quick.
A widget has an ID,
a name, and a description.
Right it has a name and a price.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
already in your other file.
>> Scott Moss: I thought I got rid of it.
>> Speaker 2: You it up.
>> Scott Moss: Did I?
Okay let's check it out.
No I got rid of it, yeah I know, it sucks.
We'll just have a price, right,
is that with the model you guys had?
Okay, a description, a name.
I'll just put all that stuff on there and
a price.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so
at least we should have one.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: You probably have to restart
the JSON server.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, I restarted it.
I just did it so
quick you I didn't see it.
>> Speaker 3: It's all right.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] So there it is.
So there is our one widget.